Fix queryParameters support in RangeWidget and HistogramWidget (#517)
CartoDB/carto-react: CHANGELOG.md

## Not released

> - Missing implementation for support `queryParameters` in `stats` request [#517](https://github.com/CartoDB/carto-react/pull/517)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix missing implementation in stats to support `queryParameters` in RangeWidget and HistogramWidget [#517](https://github.com/CartoDB/carto-react/pull/517)
```
